Fix formatting and clarify maxScheduledPerMinute setting (#5016)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/production-guidance/kibana-alerting-production-considerations.md

Running large numbers of rules at very short intervals can quickly clog up Task Manager throughput, leading to higher schedule drift. Use `xpack.alerting.rules.minimumScheduleInterval.value` to set a minimum schedule interval for rules. The default (and recommended) value for this configuration is `1m`. Use `xpack.alerting.rules.minimumScheduleInterval.enforce` to specify whether to strictly enforce this minimum. While the default value for this setting is `false` to maintain backwards compatibility with existing rules, set this to `true` to prevent new and updated rules from running at an interval below the minimum.

> Another related setting is `xpack.alerting.rules.maxScheduledPerMinute`, which limits the number of rules that can run per minute. For example if it’s set to `400`, you can have 400 rules with one minute check intervals or 2000 rules with 5 minute check intervals. You cannot create or edit a rule if its check interval would cause this setting to be exceeded. To stay within this limit, delete or disable some rules or update the check intervals so that your rules run less frequently. Default value of this config is `32000`, you should change this if you want to run more than 32000 rules per minute.

Author: ```suggestion
Another related setting is `xpack.alerting.rules.maxScheduledPerMinute`, which limits the number of rules that can run per minute. For example if it’s set to `400`, you can have 400 rules with one minute check intervals or 2,000 rules with 5 minute check intervals. You cannot create or edit a rule if its check interval would cause this setting to be exceeded. To stay within this limit, delete or disable some rules or update the check intervals so that your rules run less frequently. Default value of this config is `32000`, you should change this if you want to run more than 32,000 rules per minute.
```
